feat: add tool call id (#1085)
Arize-ai/openinference: spec/semantic_conventions.md

Reviewer: Probably makes sense to add a `tool.id` attribute as well so we can connect the called tool with the schema description.

Author: that doesn't exist because the id is to connect tool call messages from the AID with tool call results sent back to the AID

Author: added `tool.id`

| `tool.json_schema`                     | JSON String                 | `"{'type': 'function', 'function': {'name': 'get_weather'}}"`              | The json schema of a tool input                                                     |
| `tool.name`                            | String                      | `"WeatherAPI"`                                                             | The name of the tool being utilized                                                 |
| `tool.parameters`                      | JSON string                 | `"{ 'a': 'int' }"`                                                         | The parameters definition for invoking the tool                                     |
| `tool_call.function.arguments`         | JSON string                 | `"{'city': 'London'}"`                                                     | The arguments for the function being invoked by a tool call                         |
| `tool_call.function.name`              | String                      | `"get_current_weather"`                                                    | The name of the function being invoked by a tool call                               |

> | `tool_call.id`                         | string                      | `"call_62136355"`                                                          | The id of the by a tool call (useful when thare are more than one at the same time) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `tool_call.id`                         | string                      | `"call_62136355"`                                                          | The id of the called tool (useful when thare are more than one at the same time) |
```

Author: The `call` is the principal object here, not the `tool`, e.g. the same tool can be called with different arguments.

Author: added tool.id
